Update a CHANGELOG and CMake versions. (#124)
heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.7.0-beta (04/09/2019)

**Common**

* New abstract TaskScheduler introduced to be used for async context
  (default thread pool implementation provided).
* Added UserAgent to mark all triggered requests.
* China Lookup API URL added.

> * New HTTP abstraction layer introduced without singleton usage.

Reviewer: * Introduced new abstract TaskScheduler to use for async context; provided default thread pool implementation.
* Added UserAgent to mark all triggered requests.
* Added China Lookup API URL.
* Introduced new HTTP abstraction layer without singleton usage.

**olp-edge-sdk-cpp-authentication**

* Use new HTTP layer as Settings input parameter.
* TaskScheduler now as Settings input parameter.

> * Removed raw std::thread() usage and switched to TaskScheduler for callbacks.

Reviewer: * Use new HTTP layer as an input parameter for Settings.
* Use TaskScheduler as an input parameter for Settings.
* Removed usage of raw `std::thread()` and switched to TaskScheduler for callbacks.

**olp-edge-sdk-cpp-dataservice-read**

* Use new HTTP layer as OlpClientSettings input parameter.
* TaskScheduler now as OlpClientSettings input parameter.
* Removed raw std::thread() usage and switched to TaskScheduler for callbacks.

> * Improved logging.

Reviewer: * Use TaskScheduler OlpClientSettings as an input parameter.
* Removed usage of raw `std::thread()` and switched to TaskScheduler for callbacks.
* Improved logging.

## v0.7.0-beta (09/09/2019)

**Common**

* Introduced new abstract `olp::thread::TaskScheduler` to be used for async context; provided default thread pool implementation.
* Added `UserAgent` HTTP header to mark all triggered requests.

> * China Lookup API URLs added (`here-cn` and `here-cn-dev` partitions).

Reviewer: Added China Lookup API URLs

Author: Done

* Introduced new HTTP abstraction layer `olp::http::Network` without singleton usage. Platform dependent implementations adapted and aligned with coding style.

> * Removed of old `olp::network::Network` with according implementations and helper classes.

Reviewer: What does `of` refer to? I suggest to remove it.

Author: The line is changed to:
* `olp::network::Network` with according implementations and helper classes removed.

* Changed `olp::client::CancellationContext` to shared pimpl so we can remove the `std::shared_ptr` wrapper when using it across multiple requests.
* Improved logging in core components.

**olp-edge-sdk-cpp-authentication**

* **Breaking Change** - Use new HTTP layer as input parameter for all requests. This is a mandatory parameter and users must provide it.
* Use new `olp::thread::TaskScheduler`; provided as input parameter.

> * Removed usage of raw `std::thread` and switched to `olp::thread::TaskScheduler` for callbacks. If not provided callbacks are executed synchronously.

Reviewer: If unprovided callbacks executed synchronously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removed usage of raw `std::thread` and switched to `olp::thread::TaskScheduler` for callbacks. If unprovided, callbacks are executed synchronously.
```

To mark that unprovided belongs to TaskScheduler and not callbacks.
